Abandoned and betrayed,
Forsaken and alone,
Despair my one companion,
My heart within me like a stone
With no one here for me,
No kindly word of care,
Who’ll offer consolation?
My heavy burden, who can share?
I’m not alone;
I never was.
I’ll never be,
And all because
Jehovah knows;
Jehovah sees.
He hears my prayer;
He’s here with me.
Whatever comes my way,
I’m never alone.
Whatever I may lose
By sticking close to you,
No matter who may fail me,
I know you’ll never be untrue.
You’re close to me, O God,
And never far away.
My faith, my hope, reliance​—
I know you never will betray.
I’m not alone;
I never was.
I’ll never be,
And all because
Jehovah knows;
Jehovah sees.
He hears my prayer;
He’s here with me.
Whatever comes my way,
I’m never alone.
I never was.
I’ll never be,
And all because
Jehovah knows;
Jehovah sees.
He hears my prayer;
He’s here with me.
Whatever comes my way,
I’m never alone.